fix Dirtybits  bit shift (#1378)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: CHANGELOG.md

    - This specifies where Editor-only code is generated to.
    - This defaults to `Assets/Generated/Editor`.

### Fixed

> - Fixed memory corruption in SpatialOS Components using more then 16 fields. [#1378](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1378)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed memory corruption in SpatialOS components with more than 16 fields. [#1378](https://github.com/spatialos/gdk-for-unity/pull/1378)
```
